hey guys
here we go but first of all I think I'm
missing something okay so this isn't
quite what I had in mind but anyway
we'll go with it so here is the design
and as you can see it's a CNC cage so
the measurements I'm not sure exactly on
what they would be in real life but I
have done it five square cubes by 2
square cube so yeah it's pretty spacious
and although they requested it for our
two guinea pigs I put it's like a
suitable for like 3 plus guinea pigs
because I think it will be ashamed just
to keep two guinea pigs in this huge run
but if you still want just to keep two
guinea pigs in it then you can obviously
minimize the space of it like five
taking a square cube section off as that
will make them feel more secure because
with guinea pigs it's not always about
the space because they do like to feel
like they know their surroundings all
the time so yeah that's just totally up
to you but this is the designer came up
with so basically there's a shelf up
here and there's a ramp which is holding
their which enables the guinea pigs to
get up and down and so yeah I just felt
like a few toys in there just like for
an example of what it could look like
and down the bottom this blue stuff is
actually called chloroplasts and if
you're not going to have a wooden base
wrong which I have then you'll need car
pass to line it especially if you using
wood shavings and stuff because you
don't want everything going over the
carpet and whatnot so yeah that's
basically all I've got here
so yeah I hope you like the enclosure
design and I'm now going to show you how
to construct this
okay so this is the design and what it
would look like with toys bedding and
guinea pigs in it and this is the actual
cnc cage bills want a wooden run and you
just wanting to have this shelf in here
resting on the wood then I recommend
using lino and we use liner for the
floor here as you can see and so you
just need to cut it to size and this is
great stuff so if they'll be on it you
can quickly just wipe it off with some
disinfectant are just kitchen roll thank
you for watching guys and I hope you've
learned something today whether it was
held constructor guinea pigs around or
just any inspiration about how to build
one or how to design the rooms so yeah
if you like learn anything then you know
that means a lot to me and yeah so later
on today i'll be uploading a video well
hopefully later on today i'll be
uploading a video on my like shed garden
room / garage tour I don't know however
you like to call it but yeah garden room
I guess it's called cuz it's actually
not touch to the house but it's kind of
not outside so yeah garden room okay so
i'll be uploading a winter garden room
tar or just guinea pig Randolph I don't
know but yeah i'll be showing you the
whole of this room and how I decorated
for winter so yeah keep your eyes peeled
for that video and I'll see you later
ciao
you